v1: This book is a vision of Isaiah, the son of Amoz.

Kings of Judah in the time of Isaiah:

| Kings of Judah   | Years of Reign |
| ---------------- | -------------- |
| Uzziah (Azariah) | 767-740 BC     |
| Jotham           | 750-735 BC     |
| Ahaz             | 735-715 BC     |
| Hezekiah         | 715-686 BC     |

v3: Even the ox/donkey knows its owner/master yet we do not understand ours.

v11-15: The sacrifices of the people are meaningless. The point of these ordinances were to foster true piety among God's people but sacrifices have become vain offerings that come after constant rebellion in an attempt to appease God.

v16-17:
> "Wash yourselves; make yourselves clean; remove the evil of your deeds from before my eyes; cease to do evil, learn to do good; seek justice, correct oppression; bring justice to the fatherless, plead the widow's cause."

Simple, straightforward, and agreeable, yet how many of us aspire or even desire to do this?

v18-20:
>...though your sins are like scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they are red like crimson, they shall become like wool. If you are willing and obedient, you shall eat the good of the land;

Gospel mention? Only Christ can make our scarlet sins as white as snow.

v21:
>How the faithful city has become a whore, she who was full of justice!

Israel's covenant with God was comparable to a marriage. To depart from faithfulness to Him is a shocking sin.

v24-28: Gospel mention again. "Zion shall be redeemed by justice, and those in her who repent, by righteousness."